what we sauna can see
I said what my soda can say
where the devil is he
Hey
ah I teach care it doesn't matter I just
continue my plan time to start the
machine please for the love of God don't
hurt me I'm not going to Amy robots
never get hurt
and was a to the max so get sit back and
relax you laughter you collapse
hi silver what's your watching nothing
oh okay
silver where's Sonic he got a letter off
some money
I think he'd in his room who knows what
he's doing in there okay have fun
watching anime max hey maybe teenage
boys like to watch funny cartoons
sure they do screw this what else is on
Venus AMI
Jews Amy Rose Hedgehog has been missing
for the past week no one knows what has
happened to this defenseless little her
can we have a different picture
best we have okay we are now live with
honey who is interviewing the last
person to see Amy alive thanks for that
I am now talking with cream and cheese
the last people to see Amy alive what do
you think has happened to your best
friend I I don't mean you know he is
like a big sister to me I miss her a lot
the last we heard from her was that she
was going to the city we haven't heard
from her since
please get her met for us please
there you have it back to you Jake
thanks Amy
if you have any information about Amy
and her whereabouts call the number on
screen now let's hope that we help find
her
she's actually not that bad
sonic rifles - is sooo cool
what that stupid knucklehead how dare he
need me in the race that stupid stupid
kid 'no i am going to kill him
hi sonic someone sent you a letter a
letter what did it say it said i'm going
to kill you
written in blood and it came with a
Christmas card with hope you die written
on it are you sure it wasn't dr. Eggman
yeah it wasn't him what a day
first I get a new enemy and now I lost a
race to Nicholls on the PSP you do
realize that's a PS key is turned off
are you okay yeah I'm just scared
because that killer is after me they
called this morning it was so scary
hello it is not a kind jog yes it is
who is this good prepare to die what I'm
going to kill you
I've got a lip your heart out of your
chest and crush it in my grasp I've
gotta tell you to Destin bury you in my
swimming pool listen to me Sonic the
Hedgehog you will Rick
don't worry Sonic just keep your mind
off it
how about you come to isthmus shopping
with a guys with me okay
I guess I need to forget about it it's
not like The Killers gonna follow me
around
well sonic is getting out of the house
you know what to do yeah sonic will be
destroyed
Wow look how big this tree is it's huge
yeah
yep totally awesome Sonic are you
alright alright alright
you think I'm alright someone has been
trying to kill me okay and none of you
have noticed that's it I'm going to my
room
sanic need some help serious help
I'm so scared that killers going to show
up
I can seal it hello there sonic amy is
that you what happened
dr. Eggman did this to me
no I want the fish why do you want to
kill me enough dr. Eggman
did this to you no Sonic what I want to
do is knock you out then I'm going to
make you rape me whoa dude you are so
lucky